
Registration deadline extended to 30th March 2020.

We are happy to announce a Fourth meeting in the tess.science series,
"All Sky Science with TESS," to be held 29 June to 3 July,
2020 on the campus of the University of Birmingham in Birmingham,
UK. This workshop, building on previous workshops
 at the Flatiron Institute, University of Chicago, and the University
 of Sydney, is intended to provide opportunities to build new collaborations,
 minimize duplication of effort, and facilitate the development of
 open-source tools for working with TESS data.

This is not a traditional scientific conference and there will
not be any formal talks. Instead, the time will be spent in
informal discussions and co-working, with the goal of having
tangible results by the end of the week. We welcome people
interested in all potential uses of TESS data. This project is
designed to help build and support the broader TESS community,
and we welcome applications from people both inside and outside
the TESS project with broad scientific interests. There is more
information about the meeting on the website at https://tess.science/four.

We recognize that ongoing travel restrictions in light of the Covid-19
outbreak may impact participation, and we are continuing to the monitor the
situation. We encourage all interested participants to apply for tess.science
IV at this time under the assumption that the workshop will proceed as
planned and travel booking will be possible for them. However, we will
continue to take advice on the viability of an in-person workshop in the
interest of all concerned. There is no registration fee for tess.science
IV and we will fully understand if a participant needs to cancel attendance
at a later stage due to travel restrictions.

We can comfortably accommodate 40 participants. If you are
interested in attending, please apply using the link on the
website before 30th March 2020; invitations will be sent
out shortly thereafter. Please feel free to contact SOC Chair
Guy Davies at G.R.Davies@bham.ac.uk if you have any
questions, and feel free to forward this message to anyone you
think may be interested in attending.

We hope to see you in Birmingham!
